Ckp/update step 2 (#15)
aws-samples/aws-waf-workshop: docs/step-2.md

Now you will customise our Scanner and Probe rules. These use Amazon Athena to query the logs generated by an application.

> The solutions refer to Athena by a saved query ID. As Athena don't allow you to change saved queries, the process to apply customizations to Athena query is by creating a new query and updating the Athena log parser event to use the new query ID.

Reviewer: I was thinking of simplifying this a little bit, what do you think?

```suggestion
The solutions refer to Athena by a saved query ID. As Athena doesn't allow you to change saved queries, you need to create a new query and update the Athena log parser event to use the new query ID.
```

Author: Good observation. I've changed all the instances _iz_ to _is_ 😄
